It will remind you that time is fleeting, that you are late, that there is still a long way to go before you can leave.
It will yank you toward conclusions.
If you trip on the way, if you fall, it will drag you.
Decades after you've rolled down the dunes you will find sand in your scalp, a grain will crunch between your molars.
A watch that gets in the way of everything will cost you a fortune.
Its gold and its precision will make a beggar of you.
Because sometimes you have to do what you don't want to do, and sometimes, for some people, the list of what they don't want to do is so unreasonably large that there is no conceivable way of navigating through a normal course of human life without encountering a thing they don't want to do each step of the way.
If you work your fingers along it you can peel it back more and look through (to nothing).
If you are close enough to smell them, they are sweet and musty and sound like hot breath.
Every person you meet, you are meeting them at the end of the party.
You see them for hours and now you meet them just as it is time to never see them again.
On the walls are ears, and ears are meant to be spoken into, but these you listen to.
You'd like coffee for your trip home and finding the carafe is easy enough but you do not want it black.
Someone, one of those whom you have just met, directs you to where the milk is.
"Down the hall," they say, and when you are there you hear them shout "Keep going!" You round a corner of the hall and descend some stairs and while there is still no milk, you hear a reverberation that sounds like a voice saying, "By the far wall."
In your thought bag you have just one thought: Location.
You can think about it, if you'd like.
You try to think about Bratislava, but your mind quickly pulls itself into a dense knot.
You pull Location from your thought bag and consider it.
On the most fleeting thought of you, my skin turns green, my head floats.
It is this swift power that reminds me -- so often -- that my time with you is limited.
Dear you, we are aliens with an email machine.
We have learned to type, with the desire to communicate with you and others similar to you.
We will send this email to you soon, once we are done with it.
Now we would like to prepare a question for you, and now we will ask you this question.
Would you like an intergalactic vacation?
We hope these questions are good and that you can answer them for us.
You feel that way?
How long have you been feeling that?
If you feel that way then you haven't thought about this, you haven't considered how all of these other things affect this, how there are people who have thought about this, who have spent their entire lives on this, people who have the experience and the knowledge, and they do not feel that way, probably never have, most definitely will not ever now, having had the lives they've had.
But you, you feel that way.
I'm sorry you feel that way -- you should drop it immediately.
You will be found guilty of switching a switch you shouldn't have switched.
You will be put away where the desire for easy pleasure is as plenty as its answers few.
When the time comes for you to breathe, lying there on your back, alone, you will breathe deep, you will look within it for a kernel.
Strips of wallpaper slide down around you.
By now we've learned there's no need to form lines, no need to argue or hoard; the crates appear always when and where you need them to, always with plenty of food.
"You cut my hair.
They distributed it widely, and it was now the only food you could get.
If you're going to pick your nose, first, grab a peeled nub of ginger and let your three pincher fingers (one of which will soon be a lucky poker) consider its smooth, damp, woody skin.
Next, slice a clove of garlic any way you please and rub with those same three fingers its broad ivory exposure.
Almost there, you'll soon be one knuckle deep in that nose.
You see, weak by abundance, an abundance of the wrong thing.
If you wish.
If not, that is okay, I have more facts for you about my HLS.
In fact, it is better if you do not have any.
Or if you do have it, please, do not use it.
While the table we had in front with the new and popular fiction smelled the worst, it was the non-fiction section that really knocked you over with its remarkable display of the extremes of human waste: impossibly long, stringy but dense.
It is intended to be fifteen (15) minutes of writing, if you could not tell.
He knows that, at this resort, entrance to the water park is free if you stay there.
And even though check-in is not until 4pm, if you arrive when the water park opens, at 9am, the resort will hold your bags for you and you can get essentially an extra day's worth of water park time.
But wait, there's more -- on the day that you check out, even though you must leave your room at 11am, they will continue to hold your bags for you while you are the water park until it closes that evening.
If you have an atypical weekday off -- that is, not a normal holiday or otherwise a day that most have off -- then this is most definitely the time to go.
Of course, do not go right when you get there, because you'll just have eaten breakfast, and do not go right after lunch, of course, so that means you really only have a few hours to enjoy the wave pool.
But the lines are so small for the slides and the concessions that it seems like you gain more activity time overall.
One should keep that in mind, you must know it.
If you must know, I was filling up the soil in my plants, refilling them so their soil came to the lips of their pots.
* I thought about what it meant to "let go", and I questioned my usual belief that letting go requires having complete understanding of what you're letting go of before you can do so
Never mind the hazardous terrain you will most certainly enter, never mind the tremendous wrath you must likely endure.
* "Who are you?" -- my focus moved "upward" and filling the space there was a "face" with what can be described as a sole feature, a wrinkly forehead
* I thought about how sad my job was in contrast with a job where you help administer medicine.
I come to you now in this thick bush of time: What has happened?
The nurse said outrageous things, things that were hilarious and ridiculous, things you would not expect a nurse to say to someone she had never met.
I dream of home improvements -- a lamp in the corner, a rack for pots and pans on the far wall of the kitchen, the kinds of window shades you can pull down and pull up and see through enough.
It's peculiar how you've spent so much time talking about that one thing, and so little time talking about so many others.
Dan dan noodles, the man of the document -- I wonder, my Dan the man, do you ever rake past noon?
I notice you always rake in the morning.
I'm scared of you.
I wonder if I should make another of you.
I wonder if you are scars of past.
If you are dead dreams on the pillow.
I wonder should my doctor hear of you?
Should my tombstone (webpage) hear of you?
Oops, you've got beans in your pasta again!
Can you believe you've got beans in your pasta again?
You got everything I have to offer.
I wonder, do tell, when you are able, what of the spikes on the great athlete's foot?
My prescription has granted me better vision of the grass than the fan's twisted eye, didn't I tell you?
No one has told you, or everyone has, but you haven't listened.
You've listened to less than what I am trying to say.
Put a tree in your yard and watch it sway in the first summer storm, you'll see its bend is worth a lot of peanuts, worth a lot of sprints up the stands, worth a fly ball, a dry ball, a trip to the zoo.
What do you ask when you want someone to know about a half cow?
It's not locked, but there's a trick to opening it, a slight force you must exert on the handle in the correct direction to get the latch undone.
You've forgotten about me.
I've lived long enough to be forgotten by you multiple times.
Without me reminding you that I'm here just now, you would never have another thought about me.
Not next week when the annual celebration I invented comes around again and you sing songs I wrote around fires I encouraged, not when you sit at last in one of the chairs I built along the side of the road and remove your tired feet from your shoes that I designed and stretch your toes in the warm light that I named, that I wrote of, that I predicted would return.
It wasn't you who predicted it.
You're forgetting how it happened.
You had nothing to do with it.
You never came up with any names that stuck.
You have never been good at anything -- I understand why you would forget.
May you open your skull to these words I bellow down the valley!
May you stand them up in your mind as an unwavering obelisk of solid fact!
You'd think that many missing teeth would be obvious to anyone curious, or those likely not curious (no one intentionally asks a question where the answer can be a half set of teeth), and you would think correctly.
You can be tired but if you can figure out a way to do the thing you're doing in a way you don't normally do it then you'll be less tired than otherwise.
And then your tiredness will catch up to you and force you back into doing it the way you normally do, because it's the easiest way to do it, and then, in finding it so easy to do, you'll get more tired, there's nothing novel, nothing to think about.
Just doing as you do.
But so anyway, it's not completely a gimmick to try something like sitting upside down, or with your foot behind your head, or your toes in your nose, or your chin pointing down into the ground as you type away.
No no it doesn't solve any of the harder problems but by god you're not ready to solve those anyway, apparently, you want to solve some other problems, clearly, so go ahead and try solving this one, it's one to solve, for sure, it may be there even when the harder problems are solved, so go ahead, try to solve it now while you don't wish to do anything else, at least you're doing something, at least you're finding some way to make a change in what is otherwise a concrete sea.
I am misdirecting you with my words that evoke song tunes.
But I will if it helps you understand.
I don't think you'll ever understand.
There's a tornado heading right for you, so says the model.
And yet I also wouldn't bet against it, if I were you.
I implore you to run now.
And once I've truly lost it all -- first the money and then, now, the shreds of dignity and whiffs of society, the knowledge of my previous life, how I lived, who I am, who you are -- I will return to the city and start anew.
Do you have a cool rag?
I'd do with some liquid that is half as hot as this air -- on whatever scale you use.
I didn't get the sense that it was, seeing the discomfort that you seem to be in due to this temperature as well.
Sure, your brain's not on fire, but you do have a pained look on your face.
I'd offer more holistic sympathy, assuring you that you are not alone in this experience nor in life as we know it, but my brain -- it's on fire.
It is brought to you by all time preceding.
It is brought to you and to everyone else, all exactly now.
Let me say a few things about this new age, if you will allow me.
I guess I could try it now for what I'm actually doing, saying all of this about the new age and everything -- but you get the picture.
There's more I want to talk about, more you must know about this new age.
But, ya know, sometimes kids when they have a cast on for a while, on one of their limbs, they'll grow really thick hair there, or ya know, it's something you'll see once the cast comes off -- a real hairy arm, or leg.
My mind, you can see it on the walls.
Though can you describe death as dangerous?
It's true that when I got out of bed this morning I leaned my head out the window and I said to the grey sky, "You're on a roll today, sport." And it's true that upon doing so the grey sky cracked open, just slightly, just in one of the many hundreds of its corners, peeled open, really, and one incredibly long finger descended slowly -- but only slow relative to its size, it being so terribly long it covered vast distances in no time at all, and soon the tip of it was at my nose, hovering, I could see dirt beneath the nail, and before I could protest or even flinch the finger was up my nose and I thought to myself, "Oh what a day to be picked."
Why am I telling you all of this?
I can close the door, but then you'll have to open it.
The artifact is now one year old -- and you wouldn't ever guess otherwise.
I haven't tried to determine what happens if you leave a nail sticking through a hand.
Or if I did, it was concerning a very different kind of moment, a moment in which I was not here, and you were not here, and most importantly we were not together.
Maybe I will take this jar of pennies into work tomorrow -- on Monday -- and slam it down on his desk and tell him right to his face -- "This jar of pennies means more to me than you do!
The UV coating on the glasses has peeled -- something easier to see from a distance, when they're not on you.
In a Walmart, down a bit from the guns, near the croquet sets, you can find a pond on a shelf.
You soon won't have any more freckles.
You soon won't have discoloration under your eyes.
You soon won't notice anything wrong.
In math class, you'll have unlimited do-overs, every chance to guess.
In science class, you can choose to undo a dissection, or run an experiment in reverse.
You can continue to look for a hypothesis.
The messages you wrote when signing others' yearbooks have been altered.
You were voted Most Likely to Dissipate, and then you weren't.
Soon, you'll be taken aside for slapping the teacher aide's ass and when you explain that you did it on a dare -- a pond.
A guest will always find the corner you didn't dust.
But, you know, I'm having this strong feeling that this isn't quite real.
You are old now.
It's true that you may not be frightened by your own shadow, as the saying goes, but all the same you would not take kindly to it creeping up on you.
You are not impressed by surprises.
You do not wish to stumble upon anything new.
You do not wish to even prepare for the idea of something new.
I've set the timer and walked off the set, you could say!
Now if you believe me that this was one of the biggest scabs I've ever seen, you must also believe me that this animal was one of the smallest I've ever seen.
Though "hurling" is not quite the right word, for while it wasn't an acrobat, you'd be an arrogant prick if you said it lacked grace.
It's remarkable what it feels like to finally achieve something that you have been wishing to achieve for all of your life.
You can't just tell me you care when I don't come.
You can't just complain about my absence.
The catch is you've got to act now, but with my advice this is not an issue.
And you wouldn't have been doing much of anything anyway, even if you knew how hard I was trying to make things right.
You wouldn't be putting in an effort even if you knew how dire this situation was.
Yes, you should care.
No, I don't expect you to.
It's not something you do.
It's nothing you've done.
I mean, it's not something you've done.
I mean, you've never cared before.
You've never known of anything but your lightbulb-aroma-headed life.
There is very little to know about you.
But the difference between me and you, it's not about… Seinfeld.
It's about how you eat your burger.
Well, yes, you do, but it's not that.
How long have you lived there?
Yeah well I've lived around here since 1982, and I can tell you that I've seen this sort of thing happen a dozen times, at least.
I haven't seen you around here.
I haven't seen you around here, either!
Have you ever seen a neighbor that you've never seen before?
I've never seen you before.
You live right here?
Are you going to go sit on that bench?
You mean now?
It continues when you palm the bags of gummies.
But the food processor covered in its blanket has less to say when you put a hand on it.
You have all the answers but you have no way to communicate them.
You believe that your advice would be taken with gratitude if only it could be delivered without condescension.
I just want to say I like you.
You know how it is.
I asked, how do you feel about drinking while doing risky physical activities?
Every dollop of energy from every ounce of food you eat ends up there.
You can see it.
The ritual of your day brings you before your mirror again and again.
But you don't need a mirror to see your belly.
Any moment of privacy, any back room, any empty block, allows you to lift your shirt and gaze upon it.
Sometimes it alarms you, how large it looks, how much energy it must contain.
Sometimes you grab it, knead it like dough, shake it like a dog with a rabbit, feel its life.
Sometimes you exhale deeply and place your fingertips lightly around it, a traveler tracing the shapes of wildly different worlds across a globe.
You must stop drinking
Vessel, vessel, where are you?
I need you.
You'd think the turtles would move after the first rock skitters past them, but no, they just stay there.
I tell you all about my therapist.
This will be the last bit of news you hear because there will be no more news to give.
If you suspect a mistake has been made, you are incorrect, because the last mistake that was made was you suspecting there was a mistake, if you did.
You cannot be mistaken.
You are not mistaken.
Everything is now correct, and that includes you.
You are encouraged to accept this, because it is correct.
Or the second-to-last mistake, if you were suspicious.
But somehow they can be latched onto, or you can be absorbed by, or you can go for a ride on, or you can sit with, kiss, dig your nails into.
Oh my friend, how I have abandoned you.
Yes, you are my friend.
Did you not know that?
I could understand if you did not know that.
Maybe you feel this way.
Maybe you feel that I have never showed you with my eyes, with my hands, with my words, that I like you.
I like you, I really do.
You are a good friend.
I appreciate that you have been there for me.
I appreciate that you listen.
I appreciate that you are here and that I know you.
I think you are good for this world.
Of course, you would not exist without me, but I think my point stands.
But all the more pleasure then, for me, if you do enjoy it.
You've overcome something in order to enjoy my flesh.
Won't you take me as I am?
Won't you find me, and take me as I am?
They've made a movie of you.
to find another like you,
you may keep the ones I gave you,
it's not for you, but for the question this begs,
Slip and slide, you won't die.
You're pedantic and you know it so you clap your mouth shut.
You often underestimate the presence of an impulse.
Maybe severe can be lifted by balloons, also, all the better to be seen, all the better to not be crushed by, all the better to be swallowed — it goes so far up it comes back down as RAIN, you see, and I the turkey turn my head upward and open my mouth and drown, as turkeys do, I'm told.
I said all of this, then my therapist paused and said, "Jared, I hear you describing all of these positive feelings, and yet you look very sad." I am.
You believe there is an important distinction between discomfort and pain, and that not all pain is growth, but all growth is change and all change is pain.
You don't know the difference between compromise and collapse.
You believe that most preferences are born of lived patterns, and that both are more arbitrary than most appreciate.
You don't believe in blind love, at least not any more than you believe that eyes can ever see with clarity within the shifting light of everyday emotions.
i have a focus, i have a blindness, maybe you'll call this obsess
It reeks of life he had said, and explained that he felt uneasy with the abundance of odors that came our way as we walked -- slowly at first, but increasingly quickly -- through the more heavily wooded section near the center of the park, along the stream where sometimes people would sit, staring, and turn cautiously to look at you as you passed.
I worked on those What your favorite color says about you things below, that's what I've been writing.
The one for the color black (guess it's yellow below), about withholding emotions from friends and resenting them for not understanding you, feels the least complete, but it's also my favorite.
It's a good format for me, seemingly -- not just the meta format of "here's what this arbitrary thing says about you" and then having what I believe is specific yet relatively universal descriptions of complexish behavior -- not just that, but also the second person and the oscillation from narrative to acute indictment, but also not entirely indictment, as it's (supposed to be) toeing the line of sympathy and criticism, both for the second person and the others involved in the narrative sections.
"This is how you are, and it doesn't sound great, but can we blame you?
You are annoyed by the level of communication around practical matters with your friends -- in some instances, too little, and in others, too [a][b][c]much.
Before his 4-day trip to Portland, he asks you to pick him up from the airport on his return, and he neglects to remind you of this during his time away.
Are you to remember not just the favor, but the time and day as well?
You find the text with the details, then you text him what time again?, as a reminder that your schedule is flexible but still planned, and that you have other important things to remember.
Half a year later, he asks you to pick him up from the airport again, and this time he reminds you the day before.
How could you forget such an important thing like picking up your friend from the airport?
Does he believe you don't care, that you don't listen?
You care about being a generous friend and a good listener.
During conversations you offer anecdotes that fail at social connection because of their missing elements of quality storytelling.
The friends you collect as you move through life are progressively more accomplished and interesting.
When your friend from high school says he will visit, you are filled with dread.
You are friends to everyone, from high to low.
Sometimes unwittingly but more importantly often intentionally, you hide in your casual conversations with new acquaintances quizzes on matters important to you, holding correct answers as price of admission, and wrong ones as grounds for dismissal.
You know where you stand, and where you want others to stand.
You have a compulsive need to take up as little space as possible,
and in your efforts to minimize, you demand others expand.
You do not care which way we go.
You do not care what we eat.
You sit in the back of the car and we can hear nothing that you say -- you insist it is not important, this we hear, every time.
You are easygoing and casual, and your lack of presence allows others to fill in the space.
You believe that your friends know you well, and in knowing you well, require little guidance to your thoughts and feelings.
And you know what 2% of $200 is?
It has been so long but I just want you to know that I worked for a long time tonight on the alien story.
Is there any difference between drawing a line not because you want to but because you know it will help?
You remember that time, right?
You little weasel.
It's the idea that fears and anxieties (related, at least, as far as I can tell, to others with whom you are in any sort of relationship) are not just aside from an imagination of reality, they are the reality, and until they can be expressed, they remain the reality that is imagined whenever the thought concerning it arises.
Diary, I failed you.
But if you know what's good, you'll make the bad things come to a head in the same way you see the good things surface over and over again.
It doesn't matter where you start.
I know, that seems obvious from all of the differences in the shapes of letters but what is harder to see is that what you see is not what you believe, and what you believe is hardly a mirror of what you see, and what you are is how you came to be.but what even is the difference in any of this i mean q3rhhow can you ea;lhsgahjs but what idi  oknow KL:j tis that everything is dfiferent and wh awethasdfhi(((((())P)_)P__""">>++}}+OU&FD^%D^&&*YT^%UH
The hill rose, I suppose you could say.
Where are you even going?
We waited as long as we could, keeping warm around a fire we built, playing a game where you clap and whistle at each other.
Never stop the rain, though you may make it more gentle.
-- It's 12:06am on a Friday, fuck all, fuck you, fuck off.
How do you trust a feeling?
If you can recognize a pattern of gut feelings being unpredictable toward a certain matter, of being inconsistent when it comes to a specific thing -- if you can recognize this pattern, does this mean that every subsequent gut feeling toward this thing is wrong?
No, as you recognized, it is not wrong, it is just inconsistent.
Have you seen what that does to the surface?
Have you seen the destruction it causes, the reverent peaks it has built?
can you be dangerously far away from something?
if it means trying to get from you to there
when you cannot — I have been
if it means getting to you from here
I found Felix, picked him up, and said Do you remember me?
You can see it, how it burns -- the skin turns red, grows pustules.
I have a soothing cream (alien-made) that helps considerably, but I just know that if any of my relationships start to get more intimate and I start spending more time with someone -- whether human or alien, though I imagine I won't be able to get anywhere with an alien, they are so beautiful -- if they start sleeping over, it won't be long before I'm hit with a nighttime urge that I'm unable to turn away from, and I'll sneak out and find an ear of alien corn, returning only when I've gone too far, when my face is raw and oozing, and I'll put on my stinky soothing cream and slide back into bed, and they'll turn over and touch my face, I'll wince but remain silent in my shame, and they'll say, "How could you do this to yourself?
How could you?
How could you?" And, typical to my behavior after having alien corn, I will cry and be unable to explain myself.
If you keep toasting a piece of toast, what remains?
It's not funny when you are the parasitic brain.
You can see it, the burning.
I have a cream (human-made) that helps considerably, but I just know that if any of my relationships start to get more intimate and I start spending more time with someone, they start sleeping over, it won't be long before I'm faced with a nighttime urge that I'm unable to turn away from, and I'll sneak out and find an ear of alien corn, returning only when I've gone too far, when my face is raw and oozing, and I'll put my stinky cream on and slide back into bed, and they'll turn over and touch my face, I'll wince but remain silent in my shame, and they'll say, "How could you do this to yourself?
How could you?
How could you?"
And for the past few months, and of course, as you can see now, it's been these goddamn sniff sticks!
There's nothing left in my brain for these words that I'm saying to you -- I worry I am speaking nonsense.
Can you tell me if I am?
Can you please tell me if I am not making any sense?
I wouldn't want to leave you feeling more confused than when I came in here.
No, no, I'm sorry if I have confused you.
It sounds exhausting to float, but that would be a step up, if that's something you can help me with.
Turn up the music if you pass the knob.
Go down on anyone who looks you in the eye.
Wave your arms gently if you want to dance, that's what's happening tonight.
But it's your move whether or not you want to dance.
No one is even asking you to.
Are you sure you want to be here?
I'm sorry, but you really should grab a beer, you really should remove your glasses and wrap every person here around your finger.
Any certainty will be comfort, any familiarity will draw you in.
You can use the same spot to purge.
Why wouldn't you?
Because, you know, it's still the same day.
Words are just very good at twisting concepts suddenly, jarringly, in ways that catch you off guard.
You can read a phrase that brings to mind a very specific image, whether conceptual or visual, and with one word it can become something completely different than what you just held in your mind.
Tentacles have to reach for you.
Sunshine comes for you.
Your dreams wish for you.
THEY CRAWL ON YOU.
Can't shit a shit, the shit shits you.
When you get into the world of creative options that this unlocks -- well, that's when you realize we're looking at a game changer.
You want results you can see right here, right now.
You want the flash.
You want spring to come, want to see the flowers bloom after a long winter.
Notice anything that makes you think, Damn, I could go for a cocktail on the roof…?
I think you see it.
I think you understand.
but the point of the rat lives on, let me explain will you??
We talked about Julie Delpy's character's belief that love deepens as you learn more and more about a person, as you learn the way they think and feel, the way they respond to situations, the way they like to do things, coffee by a window, bowls of raspberries, afternoon naps.
Yes, I've 3D printed everything in my apartment: the mug, the coffee table it's on, the couch that you said just minutes ago was so uncomfortable.
This earring you said looked nice but I could tell — and I would agree, honestly — you think is a bit gaudy.
Did you see the chandelier in the dining room?
Of course, you and I are not 3D printed!
Do you want something 3D printed?
I could make you a skateboard, or a figurine.
I wouldn't recommend you ride the skateboard, but you could play with the figurine.
I could make two figurines and you could make them fall in love.
I tell you, though, I wish I could 3D print the truth.
It's not enough to wish it, of course, you need the tools.
It is common in the 3D printing community -- there are thousands of us -- to 3D print the tools you need to 3D print something else.
What do you think I would need?
I know, it's a tough question, but if my 3D printed apartment has taught you anything, I would hope that you have learned that anything, everything, can be made by compacting layers upon layers under high heat and pressure.
You find ways to glue things together that don't belong together.
You can glue anything together.
You can stick a sniff stick into any nose and solve any nose owner's conflict.
You can string any words together and they don't make any sense but they solve problems nonetheless.
You can make time linear.
You can put a limit on the back of your head and make problems bounce around a little bit more but for a shorter amount of time.
And not be there when you open it up again.
You can put glasses on broken eyes and see that there is no use to putting glasses on anything.
The mouth harp twangs for you and I to be.
Throw out the things that ruin you, I get it.
Glue all things together if they do not ruin you.
Make a ball of things that do not ruin you.
You can have that.
Ghost, you can come closer if you pick my nose, get rid of these ghosts of my nose which have haunted me since the air went dry a couple of months ago.
Soon, if you can help me.
You can come in my circle.
I am sorry that I tried to keep you away.
I am sorry that I ever made you file taxes when you didn't have to.
Did you know that you are exempt?
You are exempt.
I will keep you safe.
You remind me of things I need to be reminded of.
You are an absence that I'd like to keep near.
What I mean is that there are many things you can't know.
(if you've ever taken a philosophy class this concept may be familiar to you) Many things are just plain uncertain.
And if you try to just swallow these things they'll get stuck in your colon.
No, I think you gotta keep chewing this uncertain gum.
You gotta let the juices of mystery run.
Because in them you'll find the most beautiful and complex flavors, like Mars meat or old spaghetti.
Maybe you're wondering about the great unknown just like me?
But if you don't have one, you can start with this -- who are those people in these pictures?
Anyway, shut the fuck up, go to bed, I love you, happy new year
I could slap you with a dollar bill, a hundred dollar bill, and you'd feel a sensation not entirely unpleasant.
does anyone else use this technique when you are annoyed at a friend or family -- with the extended release irritation that's like a stupid turtle tugging at your pant leg every twenty seconds, making it impossible to move freely, or focus on or articulate anything, even the annoyance itself -- where you imagine this person who isn't an annoying person but sure has annoyed laughing a big dumb laugh, and with that laugh comes a Good Beam that punts that little turtle so far it can't get back to you for at least twenty minutes?
allowing you precious time to move and articulate
no you deserve to die
You know, it does in fact feel like the moments before a kiss.
Death is coming for all of you, not that I care.
And I'm not judging or anything, but it seems like a not-too-distant death is unavoidable for some of you.
I also don't think this is something you should worry too much about or even be upset about, I can see some of you writhing in your seats, knowing that you're one of the ones who doesn't have many years left -- but whatever, again, I'm not judging and I don't care what you do, but statistically speaking, when you drive like that… Anyway, I worry more knowing that it's probably a long way off for me.
Imagined end of life conversations -- what would you say?
"I don't think you would do that," he said.
Is that you, Great Uncle Horace, up on the ridge?
Wave if it's you!
Wave if you made it out from that rock alive!
You had it coming.
"Hey Jenna, do you want to come with us?
You can include anything from animal, plant or human death.
you feel inspired to do so, otherwise be terse.
When you come over on Friday, please just don't go into the basement or if you have to go into the basement just please don't slow down at the bottom of the steps just keep going in toward the back.
Basically, there's a thing on the green bookshelf that you don't want to see.
It's kind of just sitting there, but it really doen't seem like it's going to stay there and it really isn't fun to look at anyway so I think you probably just shouldn't go into the basement.
I've touched it once, but you shouldn't, because it feels like it could kill you if it gets close to you, especially if it's on your shoulder or on your back.
It feels terrible, like you will die, and maybe you will.
So don't go down there, because I think when you die it probably feels like this dead squirrel crawling on your back.
And it tickles, kind of, but the tickling crawls out of your stomach and grabs your neck and you can't breathe when you see that it's the squirrel with its white stuffing eyes that was tickling your back.
Don't let it touch you, or just don't go into the basement.
a moment of shame: when the woman drawing my blood tells me a story about the time her friend was feeding some swans, and they were so huge, you realize this when you get close to them, and I, without wonder, say "yeah swans can get really big"
Tell me, smart watch, where have I come from, where will I go, are you familiar with this reference to Cotton Eye Joe?
Smart watch, do you have a knowledge of my culture?
Tell me, smart watch, have you ever had a pie where each slice was different?
No, I know you've never had any kind of pie, but trust me when I say that no such pie exists.
I bet you know something about pie charts.
I bet you can show me things about me represented as pie charts.
Then it follows, smart watch, that you know something about lies.
If you know about pies, you know about lies.
Smart watch, can you pop my sternum for me?
At this point, you're just going to have to merge right into a car.
If you speed up, you might be able to merge into that blue car up there.
But otherwise, you've got the one right next to us or the minivan behind that one.
And yes, you may be thinking, when's the last time I've seen bench seating in a minivan?, but you'd be surprised.
Now if I had more time on my hands I would take a closer look at that minivan and determine the make and model and reach into the catalogue of vehicles I have in my memory to determine which type of seating it in fact has, but as you know, we have a situation on our hands, and it's time for you to make a decision on how you're going to merge.
For now, I'd worry more about what you're going to do with your hands once we collide.
I encourage you to keep your hands on 9 and 3 -- by the way, great job on keeping up with the latest recommendations from NHTSA, you wouldn't believe how many people get in here and immediately go for 10 and 2 -- yes, keep your hands there for as long as you can, but once we hit that car -- or minivan -- your instinct will be to let go and raise your hands, trust me I've seen it a dozen times, this instinct to protect the head during a crash -- But no, that's the last thing you want to do.
You're stronger than you knew!
So what I like to recommend in this situation is to actually remove your hands from the steering wheel now, tuck them underneath your legs, and grab on as tight as you can to your thighs.
I know I just said I encouraged you to keep them on the wheels, but well, I was wrong.
Driving is all about constantly reassessing and making the best decision you can in the situation you are given.
Many factors are out of your control when you're on the road.
It's best to focus on the few things that are in your control -- namely, you and your vehicle.
So are you ready?
To place worry in the brush and send you out hunting, food is needed, doesn't matter if your blisters are growing, unless you've decided to eat them instead.
In which case you can abandon the hunt.
Though you'll need ways to get them back next week.
You'll need dairy for the pizza.
You'll need glue for the gun.
You'll need to find a way to make your straw a bit longer, the water runs deeper it's true, but its top, its surface, follows it down, like lowering the bottom of a cup, like shoving a tree deeper into the ground.
You have memories from three years ago!
You have memories!
I'll give one to you if you give me some attention.
Hope you've been keeping them clean.
Wait until you can see that they're stirring, rising back to life.
Prop up your feet while you wait.
If you turn it upright I'm worried I'll put my foot in it when I get back from my trip and possibly twist an ankle or worse.
But if, when you look, the windows are still alit, then you have your answer.
Or do you?
Mouse oh mouse, who has awoken you?
Survive and wander into the vacant lot, looking for your keys that fell out of your pocket, wondering what you should make for dinner, something fresh sounds good, you've had too much meat, too much blood -- you're worried about your health more and more these days.
Five finches from the front yard, one bunch of slender birch branches, sliced so they are more slender, and if you've got them, or if you can find them, a lot of clumps of dirt.
Poor, poor, poor little Runfie, I'd back you off a ledge any day of the week if it meant you finally stayed in your right place.
Or, you shouldn't.
I did not have paralysis, nor did I have any other motor impairments, unless you count the binding that all of us have.
I can't believe you'd even ask me about this.
It's not something you can just casually bring up.
Get caught with your pants down at the turn of one month and you become so vigilant, or maybe paranoid, that you stop time in its track, stop everything from moving, everything from happening, with your one watchful, spiteful eye.
I don't care about a few seconds in any other areas of my life -- you're a couple minutes late?
Oh, spoon -- why would you do this to me?
Or -- no, have I done this to you?
Why would I do that to you?
You've done this.
It seems silly to think now that it could have gone differently, though, that this situation at this moment in time could be not exactly what it is, me, on the floor, searching, you out of reach.
That's why you've done this, no?
When you burn it, its black smoke is lit in the strobe of its blue fire -- when you burn it, you inhale and feel the events of the world.
You thirst for more, you live to be sated but you cannot be.
You run in circles around the party, chasing the next lead, you will write the articles now, you are a journalist for the newspaper you have burned, you will experience firsthand (it's secondhand) the rush of the news, of the glamor and horror of the people and everything they do and say to you, Lead Reporter.
What else plain can you not see?!
people you've forgotten burst open
in front of you, manic.
you could be empty and still
You could be
Dan am you?
Dan am not not me, Dan am not not you.
If you ask me, we're skating on very thick, unbreakable ice.
I've had three glasses of water in the moments since you told me I should be more careful about what I eat and when.
And somewhere in there it loops, you suspect.
Somewhere in there, you're back at what you thought was the largest one.
or you could say robots
and you just
You've given yourselves quite the farewell.
To be a doer of something you must be a well doer.
You can go over those.
You just then move a bit slower.
Where you stuck your hand, or your face, and there it would stick.
The internet will tell you all about it.
I don't want to tell you about it.
What do I care how you react to this thing.
Fabric must be dry cleaned whether you can afford it or not.
You are no longer allowed to say hello to neighbors you do not know.
You won't meet them if you haven't.
Or whatever substitute you prefer.
Where fish sit still, relaxing, the breeze is always on your face, no matter which way you turn, and every grain of rice exists in a peculiar, delicious state where it is both being grown and also already perfectly cooked.
Have you heard of this guy, Jesus?
Take a backseat approach, if you still want to keep your eyes on what's going on.
If you'd prefer to be blinded by the sensation of the experience, grab onto the roof rack, let your body flap in the high speeds on the highway, let the rain soak and your ears whistle, smear your face on the sun roof glass.
If you can manage, grab onto the antenna and stick the small round ball at the end into your eye.
When you catch your breath, let out your animal sound.
It is you, yes, but it is also the animal, and by giving it this distinction, it is not wholly you, it is something different.
You'll discover that its death isn't what you thought it was, it's not at all what you expected.
Unless, of course, you've done this before -- Are you a returning customer?
You should have said so, long ago!
You haven't been here recently, that much I know, because if you had been I'd recognize that droopy face of yours immediately.
Hope I didn't turn you off with that "boom boom boom", you know how it is, shoot the animal, yes, that's what you have to start with, but you!
You look more like a, like a, well, let's find out.
You see when it lifts its shirt to wipe its sweaty face that the moon has a six-pack now.
You can't remember seeing the moon working out recently.
Or the many more hours of the day when you pay it no attention.
Doesn't matter how it happened, you figure.
You wonder if a pet is a friend, if a pet can be a friend.
Everyone's your friend when you're the moon.
Everyone's your pet when you're the moon.
Depends on its mood, you suppose.
You wave goodbye to the moon and wonder what it will look like the next time you see it -- briefly, you wonder briefly, until you forget it, whatever it was.
Or that's what others tell you -- so many others that it seems there's no one left to actually call him that.
As far as you can tell, he's a large, older man who wears dated suits and velcro sneakers.
Velcro sneakers, but you remember when he asked you to tie his shoe.
Do you remember he had diabetes, and therefore you apply to him velcro shoes, an association you have, seemingly, with diabetes?
He was impressed that you knew of Django Reinhardt.
It made him look at you closely for longer than he had previously.
memories are less accessed than they are sought, less sought than they are called for, less called for than they are imagined, less imagined than they are accepted as strangers, strangers stumbling across your path, ready to tell you all about your life if you are just willing to listen
it's technically the 8th and you know what that means.
at night you'd hear their music
but either way you'd hear it
and which terrible path will you take to get there?
So, anyway, here I am, watching a Netflix nature documentary, it is called Our Planet, it is about, as you might guess, our planet.
Can you marry the internet?
Boy oh boy, you wouldn't believe that pressure!
I'm telling you, it was a lot.
I see you're constantly being pulled in many different directions,
We must watch sitcoms and let our brains wriggle their way into believing they are part of the sitcom world, those are your friends, that's the unchanging, flat plane of existence where you reside, too.
Plug it in and yes, now you recollect why you are waking up thinking this way, why you're clammy with a thin coating of stress, why today feels more like a yesterday.
You would think I would understand that better by now.
* * @HannahElliott You fly in your dreams?
* 25: "Thank You @MaryKay for soothing our hands 🙏↵.↵.↵.↵#CourageIsBeautiful #nycnurses #nyc https://t.co/F8kqMagDos"
Thank you for all your good work!"
* 50: "There is something massively wrong with this picture!↵What do you think it is?
* 51: "@Katxkx Hi Kathryn, please share region details, so we can direct you to the right Order Team to look into this."
* 53: "In case you haven't heard, check it out tomorrow.
so you can imagine where this is headed"
You're damn right!
* 73: "If you haven't already, FOLLOW @hashtagbooked they will brighten your day always!!
Dan I have to say, I haven't seen you in a long time either.
Where have you been?
I feel so disconnected from you.
I thought you said this staircase was wide?
Then the uncertainty is compounded, you double down on being misunderstood.
Or being understood in a way that damages you.
Or reveals you.
It's not 11.23 anymore but it is 11:35 and in my book that you're reading right now that is close enough.
Close enough for what, you ask?
CAN YOU NOT dispute this smoothie argument.
Can you not just smell the smell of cookies coming for Christmas time?
Now you're captive and subjected to
When you want to commentate but
You're the subject?
When you want to commemorate
But you barely understand
This is what you have been looking for!
Every delicious piece of Spam you have received ever is a rip in the Space-Time Continuum!
Come think about this sweet, dripping theory of the multiverse… You're just a few tics away from a hog-sized branch of our world where you can meet sad, waiting sacks like Blaine Nickelwood, Byron Johnson, Tad Gilmore, Brad Fisher, and Luann Lovey.
They're waiting for you… How'd they get so filthy?!
YOu should too click below
At least not once you figure out inter-human travel.
That part was tricky, I suppose, but nothing comes easy, not when you're a hair sprout.
Part of it was just for the shock comedic effect -- because I knew they were expecting something dull as the day is long, like "Oh, hanging in there," but then I'd flash them a modest smile and let out a long "well…," my raised eyebrows nudging them with a "You ready to hear this?" Then pausing long enough for them to feel like it wasn't just a rhetorical question and that I was, in fact, waiting for a response, and right as they inhaled, right before they began saying whatever it was they wanted to say, something like, "Okay, go ahead," or maybe just a "Sure,"
how old are you these days
have you learned the basic facts
have you moved or even been to school, the city
have you been to elsewhere
It sounds bad, I do agree, but well the world doesn't wait for people anymore, and there's no way to even get a block or two down this street without running into someone that doesn't like you.
I love the way the flower baskets and the flower buckets all wait for you down the avenues.
They protect me, don't you know?
You know, this is something that Borges would write.
You wouldn't really be aware that it was happening.
On the sidewalk you can feel the heat, see the heat inside the car, the kind that fills your nose and melts your eyes.
You would think I would have things to write about now, but no, I don't.
Curses are just ideas that worm into your brain and appear at every moment of decision and analysis to reacquaint you abruptly with your insecurities and doubts.
Friends, or rather acquaintances, say that in due time I'll get sick of New York and return to Philly: "You'll be back."  This is the second big curse.
If you write it, people can repeat it.
do you know of the noises you make?
of the words on which you place
You'll love it, you'll do your dishes in the tub, you'll wash your hair in the sink, the topsy-turviness of it all will really make you feel like you're a special person in a special world, you'll tell all of your friends and you'll write to all of your family about this -- yes, you'll write home about this!
My god when was the last time you ever encountered something you could WRITE HOME ABOUT?
I'll bet you it wasn't anytime in the last couple of years, was it?
You've done absolutely nothing nearly as exciting as this, yes this, this kitchen tub!
It is an opportunity -- though, I must tell you… You must be strong, you must be open, you must be daring, to fully embrace such a unique quality, to wrap it into your life and let it sing for you, through you.
Are you any of those?
When's the last time you wrote home?
Have you ever reached into the fridge, grabbed an ice cold beer, and opened it with your teeth, while in the tub?
Well that's okay, surely you're daring, yes?
Surely you've invited the neighbors over for a Monday roast and in the middle of it -- right in the middle -- you tip the plate while serving them just a bit and you spill that roast's bloody juice all over their shirts, and what's left to do but to invite them into the tub?
You have never, EVER done such a thing?
It sure sounds like you live a sheltered and boring life.
It sure sounds like you could use a change.
Yes, you'll have to be careful with that one.
How to reach any goal you've set for yourself in three easy steps.
Drinking is a great way to make it feel like you're having fun.
Maybe just a dialpad and there are hundreds of numbers you can call and talk to.
Oh but I can't write something where you can talk to someone!
You click Call and you are connected with a random someone else who is using it.
I believe the idea being that you cannot solve such problems, you can merely deal with them, and so dealing with them only temporarily in a supported environment will not help you deal with them later on on your own.
Thinking about video games as interactive storytelling and wondering why they can't be more of a storytelling experience than a game experience, why they can't be an immersive experience where you are a character -- and everything that that means for an average person who enjoys stories in other media, rather than it being limited to a more narrow gamer audience.
How do you immerse the player in a constructed character arc?
You can read at any pace you want, you can skip around, you can easily read the end of it right away, you can read it backwards.
You can cut it up!
(ie texting a friend asking what time their flight gets in and they say a time but not day and you get annoyed that you are supposed to keep track of their schedule.
then another time you ask and they say the time AND include the day and you get annoyed at them for not thinking you can remember anything they've said)
So far, it's one of those sunny winter days where you can feel both cold and warm at the same time.
Simulations that run you through scenarios where you have a fight with virtual version of someone you know in real life and get to tell them off.
Like when you have a sex dream about someone you don't really like, but then you feel weird for a few days afterward when you think about them.
And he says that they all kind of look at you funny if you try to discuss anything of real intellectual importance during moments of common downtime.
I am very sorry for disturbing you the other night.
During a blackout you hope for a full moon.
You hope you remember where you put your flashlight and your lighters, and you hope you haven't completely burned the candle that your old roommate left in the bathroom when she moved out.
You hope you get tired early and you hope for the next day to come, full of sun.
You hope you have everything charged, and you hope you can keep your cool when you realize you don't.
You hope until you're empty, and then you wish.
You wish hard to not be so goddamn drunk.
And feeling this envy, sitting in it, considering it -- this acquaintance once told my friend she thought I was attractive, can you believe that?
But I think you can only move toward an unbiased state by more considerations, not fewer.
What do you mean?" He looked toward the others for an answer, but no one made eye contact.
"I still don't know what you mean."
Just take your adjusted gross income from last year and divide it by the number of months in which you wanted to die (use the same year).
You may make a deduction in the amount of days you thought about doing something but didn't.
There are deficits, you understand!
Yes, of course you want to be on the other side of this toll booth.
We have further deductions you can claim if you use this toll booth.
If you don't, you won't be able to claim any deductions on the toll booth fee, which you must pay in part even if you do not have to pay the toll booth usage fee.
A booth agent they call me, and so should you.
If you do, I will make you an honorary booth agent.
You will not be able to collect fees, but no one wants to anyway.
I have created this position, you see.
Yes, you may proceed.
Which is why I wanted to charge you this new fee.
Well, I hope you return again soon.
The illusion that convinces you, through every hair and bone, that it is no illusion.
-- since I last sat down to speak to you.
You'll see better without them, once they've been microwaved.
Feel free to answer only what you're comfortable answering.
) also how are you!!!?
Where are you?
What were you taught about masculinity in terms of a definition or otherwise ?
What does masculinity mean to you now?
And do you consider yourself masculine?
While the author admits that gender expression varies, he says "no matter how you slice it, men, as a group, embody masculine characteristics more frequently and to a greater degree than do women," which seemingly ingores how circular these definitions are.
Have you ever felt pressure to fit into the gender role of man?
Do you feel your sex education was sufficient?
Are you a porn user?
What do you look for in a "good" porn ?
What do you think about feminism ?
What do you think about the effects of feminism on conceptions of masculinity ?
Do you think porn has ruined men?
Do you think men have ruined porn?
Do you think men have ruined men?
Do you think women have ruined men?
Do you think porn makes women gay?
Do you think more women are gay than previously ?
Do you think women have ruined porn?
Is there anything you feel as a man in this current political climate that you haven't expressed here?
Ursula leguin said ", truth is a matter of the imagination." What do you think that means and do you agree?
Tis the morning after, you see?
Something about the awfulness of having to reacquaint yourself with a bright, aggressive world, with people who suddenly are, like the buds in the ground, jolted awake with life and energy, while you continue to live in the shade of the winter.
Or if you insist on it, make sure it's not white.
You don't know where they came from.
You start at the top, go back in time.
Thank you, time.
Where were you when I just played a video game for eternity?
I guess it's especially effective when it is November, the first Sunday after Daylight Savings ends, and it is nearing five, the newly scheduled darkness and the shop's closing hour, and the store is nestled on a farm on some back roads in Connecticut, and empty save for the owner, an older woman with short, grey hair, and the old wooden floors are spattered with rugs and slanting wildly, and lumps in the boards jump out unexpectedly and trip you on your way to the American History section.
Bless you little bug, you do not travel such large distances in such little time.
Though you will scurry up my neck and I will hate you for that.
Some guy approached me late last night when I was sitting out front with a beer and a cigarette (pretty late, like 11, way past trick-or-treater time) and said something in Spanish -- I said "huh" before realizing it was Spanish, and he asked me "habla Espanol?" -- "ah, no, no, lo siento," -- "oh it's okay, it's okay, can I ask you a favor" as he rummages in his pockets -- my face quizzical -- "no no, not going to ask for money" -- wasn't my first guess but I hadn't ruled it out -- "some guys they think ah asking for money no I have no money no that's not what I'm asking" -- "okay yeah yeah no worries" -- he pulls out a dollar and asks for a cigarette -- "oh sure no problem, don't worry about it," gesturing away the dollar and handing him a cigarette, "do you need a lighter" -- "thank you so much, ah, lighter, yes" -- I reach into my pocket and pull out lighter as he pulls out his -- "I have lighter, thank you, thank you," he lights it and then says something about some guy in or from North Philly who might be high and maybe he doesn't want to be with him, I do not understand what he is saying -- I nod and say "ah yeah haha" and he glances at me in a way that suggests he knows I have no idea what he is saying -- "okay thank you very much, have a good night, have a blessed night you and your family" -- "thank you, you too, good bye"
Would you believe me if I said I have traveled to the corners of the globe, traipsed through airport terminals, lain my eyes upon the beauties constructed through time by both human and nature alike, the streets of Shanghai, the peaks of the Alps?
And somehow it still works -- when you squeeze its tail, it barks out "Rarr!
What do you think when you read that?
Thank you.
Can you tell?
You know?
Sorry, if I am to write before eating every day, then you can expect to see me write often about food.
I was reading a description of Lenny Bruce recently, well, not a description of he himself, but of his act and style and all that, and it talked about how he was such a jazz kid, and his comedy was a loose improvisation that allowed thoughts and feelings to bubble out, and that he liked this because he came upon new things this way, things you can't plan.
Thinking through something is getting to somewhere you perhaps didn't expect -- if you did it thoroughly, carefully, with an open and compassionate mind.
you have seen my future.
A productive and fun day, mind you!
Get rid of nature, for the pantheist, and you get rid of God.
Get rid of nature, for the panentheist, and you see him all the clearer." The Atlantic
* potentially fast access, if you want what they have out or if you are not picky
No matter who you are, if you are traveling and need to pee, you need to stop at a rest area
And well I've had a lot of thoughts going on in my head, I usppose, listening to this NPR program about obesity, and everyone's sort of talking about the reasons for obesity, and, this is an oversimpliifcation, but it does seem that -- that man was wearing headphones, like Walkman style, 80s headphones -- it's an oversimplifaction, but I really do feel that talking about symptoms or reasons, they never really go back far enough -- Well of course you can't really go always go back that far because then we'd just be taling about the same thing, though maybe that would be a very good thing, maybe we should just always be talking about the root cause of these issues, which is -- Yes, I don't know.
What do I do" like they're "go win games, we have to tell you one more time, go win games," and it's just not helpful."
Host: "One of the things she says, um, and we should add that your mother has not just a master's degree, but also she got her phd at 55, but she tells you, the bigger way my weight affected my life was that I waited to do things because i thought fat people couldn't do them.
And these really negative attitudes that we have, this way o watching yourself and censoring yourself, a lot of people told me there's this idea of the "good fatty," that whenever you're in public you have to be eating a salad, you have to be smiling, you have to be on your feet all the time, it's really stressful for people and it, it puts them in this mode ---"
As soon as you come in, you take a right where the cars go, and you immediately stop, and then immediately there there's a long parking lot, a long skinny parking lot, and for some reason, 90% of it is really far away from the entrance.
When it's still very hot out, but you can reasonably expect it to not be so very soon.
We really screwed you over.
Thank you for telling me you will die soon.
Or if I knew the basic plots of any of his off of the top of my head I could tell you.
You know, the one where someone loses it all.
Feeling confident I think of as feeling like you are good at something (if beyond generally good at being), which seems to imply that there are those who are not as good as you.
* Student: You sell coffee?
[I could not see what they gestured to.] What's a kind you recommend?
Do you have samples?
* S: Well if you put a $6.99 price tag on it it must be good.
* O: Then why do you want it?
* O: Well if you don't like it…
And my interjection was a very non-helpful, "Yeah swans are large when you get close to them." This normalized the source of excitement.
Are you tired.
You can write
And write and still you are indefatigable.
I recently learned -- though it feels like one of those things I learned in the past, then for some unknown reason forgot and needed to learn again -- that you can change the direction a fan spins -- though this part I know I knew in the past -- and that the direction should be based on the season.
There is usually a glimpse of blue sky even on cloudy days, if you're looking.
Gladys the Bat is no one you will know.
She is a stranger for all of time, to you.
But you will not benefit, not from her, because you won't know her.
You won't want to know her.
You won't dream of knowing her.
Because you don't know her.
She does not exist to you.
Her possibility does not exist to you.
A possibility of her type of possibility is possible for you.
This is as far as you get.
You can go no further.
Not in terms of her and you.
That is, these are undeniable if you are paying more attention to them than you are to these previous considerations.
I hope you've already forgotten them.
You won't be disappointed.
You will be confused, however.
Because you were just weighing your hands and your feet.
Why would you do that?
If you do, you run the risk of forgetting everything.
You'll be able to then tie them all up together in whatever way you see fit.
And for whatever needs you have.
What need do you have for a big knot?
You'll just run around and around with a big knot, saying things like, "Hey, do you know what I should do with this big knot?" or "Here, take this big knot," and they'll shove it away saying, "I have no use for that big knot." What a useless knot.
You think?
You know?
I think I know what you mean.
What you mean is you think so.
You think I don't know?
You think I don't know that?
You thought this through?
[a]the others below take a much more critical stance of "you"
What are you doing here Dan?
Thank you for telling me who I am.
Especially when it's "Healer."  Thank you Keisery.
The thing about an onion, though, is that once you have peeled all of the layers, you have nothing left.
And you know, they do all these things, welcome us in, carry us throughout, show us the ropes, give us give us gives this and that and here and there.
With art, you cannot achieve the end result of mastery if you are constantly concerned with others' opinion.
Catering to the expectations of those who do not and will not ever know you in the way that you do will, in all likelihood, destroy any chance of the small unique characteristics that make up your mind, your body, your art, your writing, to ever flourish.
Only by ignoring what you think others want will you be able to give them what they want -- what they do not yet know they want.
You cannot, and certainly they cannot, possibly describe what it is that they want if they have never wanted it before.
Maybe if it was something before, it would be something now, but you cannot get something from nothing.
Yes, words that start with 'T.' You can't be foolish enough to think that everything can be so calculated right now, no no no no nono nothing can be calculated in this time.
it's endearing to read things such as, "Never give up on someone you can't go a day without thinking about."  there is a failure to mention the strict limitations on the terms used in this sentence.
you can't just stand below any girl's balcony and listen to her thoughts, she needs to accept, to reciprocate, and those thoughts need to be about you
my thoughts come together when I write (no snickering, you should see them before they're vomited out) and that this is my true discourse of the classroom, granted, I am lacking the input of others, perhaps, but only partially, because when I write, these words are not me, and they talk back to me, fuck, I can tell they're often very angry at me even.
You don't stumble upon it.
You spot it from afar, set out on foot with nothing but a t shirt and jeans, and walk through all hell of weather and terrain, never stopping to rest, never turning your head around, just focusing on the destination, because there, waiting, is a feast, a bed, a view, friends, family, lovers, solitude.
what do you expect.
though the surrendering fear can leave you susceptible to the worst iteration of the situation, which is still often better than any possible imagined variation.
and you cannot ignore one when
ellen's figure was small, the sort of small that guys lust over incessantly, the sort of small that drives conversations between friends long into the night and carries over into the dreams, causing them to sag under the weight of the water, never rising too high, but  then popping in the morning, and then nothing but a small pinch on the ear, a wince, an annoyance too large to ignore, yet too small to destroy, because you cannot pin it down, will not ever find it to be the culprit as it hides beneath so many other matters of the mind.
everything seems less desperate when there is someone at least in the same room as you.
Congratulations, you just made yourself laugh.
That always means you get the real stuff, but sometimes that real stuff is the stuff you want, and other times it's not what you want at all, you want it mixed with the artificial to create something that is worth a million times more than whatever the realness pretends to be, because without any coloring it is ugly and full of sores.
'Course you do.
You are me.
I am you.
What makes sense to me bounces off of you and sticks to me.
You make no sense.
That's what you get.
That's what you get when you ask for the truth.
The truth isn't often what you want to hear.
No, you want the colored truth, you want the truth caked with icing, you want the truth wrapped in some nice paper printed with penguins and igloos and wrapped in a little tiny fucken bow.
That is the truth you want.
You won't fucken get that kind of truth, never from me, never form anyone who means anything to you.
If you do, then they mean fuck all to you.
Don't you know this?!
They are the ones you should worship.
Fuck this God, pray for your friends, pray for their health, if only so you can sustain your own.
I don't think it's the conscious decisions to work toward something that really get you closer to that something.
of course they don't hurt, and they may provide you with more of the right tools for those unconscious situations which will come later, but they're not the bulk of it.
you know, it's been so long now that when I sit here with the touch lamp only touched once to provide the lowest setting and the sound of the train fucken blasting these sleeping people in this little sleeping town through their roofs, goddamn how do they do it.
crazy sonofabitch you are.
don't worry, you, I am not going anywhere.
and when you get into the rhythm of it, you can feel it, and it feels so good, like slinging a slender girl over your shoulder and waltzing to the beat of the cans found in the bottom cupboard in the corner of the kitchen, oh waltz waltz yet yet waltz waltz waltz yet yet waltz
You want to adhere that label to your forehead now, do you?
But the good news is, and lordie knows you like that good news, you love it, you eat it up like it's the only thing that's been on your plate in three fucken weeks, well, the good news is that each word scratches in that oh so special spot that only words can reach.
Because, in all truth, you are home.
You are safety.
A girl, with cool skin that warms the longer you stay pressed against it until it's hot on your cheek and it's all you can do to hold on tight and dream about the now.
see, words, language, you are the sun, and while all other things seem to come and go, you stay there where I can always see you, though of course you remain such a gigantic blinding mystery.
to quote the great devendra:  "hey there mrs morning sun, what kind of creature are you?
I can't stare but I know you're there, goddamn how I wish I knew"
Isn't it great when life jabs you in the ribs and through that goddamn annoying laugh says, "Hey, wasn't that fucken funny?!
You reek of sand.
It's not going to get hungry and it won't make you hungry, it won't satiate you either and it won't make you have to take a shit.
It won't make you sick and it won't make you healthy, it won't go to bed and it won't die or live, it won't get you the girls and it won't turn them away, it won't pay the rent or put you on the streets, it won't determine your future and it won't linger in the past, it won't sing for others or put on a show, it won't do this and it won't do that, it won't even sit on a page or a screen.
why worry about continuing tangents when you can just carry on with what you have now?
criticism is against my outlook, why hate something when you can like it?
You just went from pseudo-philosophical musings to misogynistic toolshed douchebaggery in half a 	second.
hey grill, Imma put some meat on you and turn the heat up
what do you do with these?
can't even call it a failure, can you?
could you?
I must warn you now -- though the moment of warning should have been long ago, it is most fair to warn late rather than never -- that what follows is dangerous.
in fact I imagine you will hear it before you see it.
you will hear the groans, the moans, the screams too weak to be alarming, but too grotesque to be ignored.
you'll know soon enough what it is that matters, and what it is that needs to be erased (because you need to record something before you can erase it from the record)
stop, go, grab onto the bars overhead and then never let go, unless the caterpillars are out tonight, in which case you should have never grabbed onto the bars at all, because now you are hanging over nothing and I'll be damned if you can hold on with those fuzzy feet having all sorts of fun on your fingers.
then find extreme circumstances in which you can drown.
because here's the thing: you can wholeheartedly believe in something that opposes this, yes.
but not for you, at least not for you right now.
you do understand that you do understand, right?
you know who you are, you know your pitfalls right now.
you know that you have an ambitious car, but gas is far too hard to come by these days.
but you have to get to where you're going, right?
you could go on foot, but then you'd be leaving that nice shiny car in the middle of fucken nowhere, left to the vultures, left to an absence in memory, or at the very least a faint, remorseful shadow of a memory.
and besides, you'd probably regret it when in a few hundred miles you find a gas station.
anyway, now you understand.
950 will suffice, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
and if it isn't, well, fuck you.
to keep you posted on my thoughts:  I understand my desire for writing poetry now.
of course, there is that whole dead-alive cat thing, you know, observation affecting things and what not.
it has changed, but so have you, perhaps because it changed, or perhaps vice versa.
does not matter, let it go, you now understand what one of my goals is in poetry.
I was in danger of falling behind so I grabbed my pen and headed out the door as fast as I could but I guess it wasn't fast enough because I could see them already turning the corner and it felt like one of those horrible nightmares where you're always trying to catch up to someone but they're never closer than ten feet and if by some chance they are then they are still impossible to see because they are blurry or they are changing shapes squares circles and squiggles and then they never turn around even though all you want to do is see them for just one moment but not just see them in their shifting squiggles no you want to see them in a concrete form though using that phrase is so wrong because there is nothing concrete about the way they look if you ever do see them I would instead describe it as something much brighter perhaps concrete with a light behind it concrete that is thin and frail and broken but with a bright light shining through it shining through all of the holes that are in it because it is frail and porous but it is this frailty that allows you to see the light and it is almost biblical but then there is also the phrase see right through you that comes to mind and so perhaps they are lying about something terrible or maybe it's something fun instead and it's one of those good lies that might be a bother at the moment but when the truth is revealed that there has been a joke a prank a little tease then everything is okay in fact it is better and this makes things go nicely with the new blue dress that sits on top of the dresser unbruised and untouched though likely to be worn in the next few coming nights for all of the occasions that are coming up the ones that always come up this time of the year during the cold season when it is always snowing and yet somehow always sunny but you can never see the moon so there must be clouds at night which is okay I guess but I think it would be better if there were clouds during the day and clear skies at night because the moon feels cold and it matches the weather the sun is just a tease and not like one of those good lie teases no this is a long lie with no truth but then again it hurts just to stop so you keep on going down the road hoping that you just might catch them before they turn and if not you can take the turn yourself and hopefully see where they are turning next but sometimes certainly always they are gone suddenly gone poof and maybe there's something else in its place instead but it is far from what you want it might not be something you hate but it it is still something that you definitely do not want as in it is not the thing that you do want that thing that has disappeared now and therefore you do not want it because you only want one thing and of course it is gone but for how long who knows it seems just as likely though who can prove it that it will reappear again any moment and yeah maybe it will but you are not likely to wait around for that because it's just as likely it will reappear in another location and so the odds are the same everywhere you go and so how do you make any more decisions ever because no place is good because they are all fairly bad because none of them have what you want and so you do not want to be in any of the places that are there or anywhere
still that desire to try because you are not sure what will happen, but you hope something miraculous will punch out of nowhere.
not until you have worked through countless cycles of rotation and repetition can this act become something admirable.
Coffee is claustrophobic, didn't you know?
Stops, if they were abrupt enough, were almost always met -- you'd think he'd learn after the first two or three -- with an ugly collision between his head and the concierge's now friendless collection of rocks.
and the other time when we turned over the go-kart which wouldn't be dangerous except we were going really fast down the road and it was unintentional and I guess my brothers said out of the hundreds of turns their friend could have made he made the one wrong turn that resulted in rolling and I imagined a book of numbered drawings depicting all of the different turns you could make in a go-kart and one of those no-do not-please no signs over a picture in the back of the book showing the turn that we had just made and I guess my brothers' friend held up the go-kart so I could crawl out and the engine was burning hot on his back and on the walk back up the road my brothers said I could be seriously injured and I said no I think just my knuckles are scraped actually and yes they were deep cuts I still have scars but they said no maybe something worse sometimes you just don't feel it because you are in shock and I didn't really care because I felt incredibly brave and all conquering
and that one time that I think my grandparents were visiting and I went outside and I heard others down the road so I went up to it and I could see far away some kids skateboarding and though I didn't skateboard I knew that we owned one so I went down to the shed and got one of the old school skateboards not one of the cool new ones that my friends had just the kind that you have for some reason when you are young and I brought it up the road and just sat there on it frog like wheeling myself back and forth a little with my feet like you do in an office chair or something and I don't know why but I just sat there and watched them from 400 feet away or so I guess I was lonely and I wanted to hang out with them but I didn't I just sat there instead and maybe it was that same day or maybe it was later because on that day I had been called back to go somewhere with my grandparents and maybe we drove past them then on our way down the road and I looked at them and felt lonely even though I was in a van with my grandparents and my family and we were going out to eat which is something we didn't really do that often then it was a treat and so maybe it was a later day when one of the kids came down the road and asked me if I wanted to skateboard with them and I think I said no and maybe it was because I had one of those old skateboards that you couldn't really do tricks with not that any of the others could do tricks with the new ones because we were young and skateboarding was hard and they had just started but nonetheless I think I said no I think I just sat there again or maybe in fact I did go down and instead of skateboarding maybe they made fun of my skateboard I stood there and watched them as they tried to jump over other skateboards or maybe that was a lot later when I had already bought rollerblades the kinds with grindplates and such that you could tricks with and then I started hanging out with them and I remember I made fun of his helmet because it was new and I thought it looked ridiculous but then a year later everyone had them and I felt bad and also I blacked out in their basement one day when we were playing knee football and I remember knee staggering over to the chair and passing out for what must have been only a few seconds I don't know I just remember that I had hit my head probably too hard on my knee somehow and it was numbing and deafening and blinding and I had lost all of my senses and when I had reawoken a few seconds later it was as if I had been sleeping and dreaming for years and I was confused as to where I was and what was going on but my memory came back a few moments later so it couldn't have been too bad but I remember being kind of worried but not too worried because I was young and it was kind of cool this strange sensation but then even worse was that this huge dark bruise formed on my forehead and I remember I tried to hide it from their mom and I think I succeeded but of course I couldn't hide it from my mom and she was fairly concerned though I guess not too concerned because we didn't do anything and that was probably okay but if that happened to day with a  regular suburban mom you can bet they would be making an emergency trip to the hospital concerned with some colossal concussion or something or brain bleeding you know all of that stuff but more importantly I remember my neighbors friends thought I was lying and my brother though was concerned and said maybe I should eat some pretzels you know get something in my stomach I don't know it's something but I don't think it would have really done anything but what mattered is that he cared that I was hurt and that felt good
and believe me, I also know that I haven't even taken you out these past two days.
we tell you every day but you do not listen
what do you take?
fuck you, bump.
I'll hit you with a goddamn lamp.
fuck you, bump.
you have a way with words
you enter an apartment in brooklyn and you're back home
where the people are your friends and you can toss inside terms around
and if you'll forever be tied to this strange group of people that
and like sticking your coat in the closet and realizing that when in the morning you had switched the direction of the hanger because you believed it was backwards and then seeing that it was really right the first time, as in the way it has been for a long time now and for some reason you thought that it had mysteriously changed on you and that now it was wrong,
and it is like the speed of light which is like truth which is like writing a poem when you think that you are getting so near to it and you may get infinitely close to it but it is something that you will inevitably never reach at least with our current understanding of this entirely abstract concept, which is abstract at least in our current understanding
though you're surprised at how quickly and how deep
just one glass can be ABSORBED when all you've eaten is a bagel
and it's not that you're broke
it's not that you can't afford the food
or maybe more so you don't know how to cook because you've never really had to
and also you know that should you need more money you will likely get it because
they won't deny you money if it's for food
but taking so much goddamn money from your parents just because you're uncomfortable or
and here is another prosem I am considering: clever you, combining words all over the place, you think that takes talent?
no, you just smoosh two fucken words together, you fuck.
and by this I do not mean to escape from the body, but rather to view the body objectively, to become an outside observer and see not the thoughts circling the mind but the events circling the whole, the whole circling the nothing:  view it as a scientist, take notes and simply observe, and then you can solve the problem because you are also on the other side -- scientists do not have this advantage.
you can't be a fool when you're alone.
these you should not touch with your goddamn objective steel cold tool
line breaks for responses, soothing, or abrasive, the opposite of whatever has been clear cut, obviously, you fuck.
objective, you fuck.
you might want to check the desires lost and never found box.
you apple you
and no one will ever say thank you for this
you must make yourself accessible
because even if you know the stars
if you cannot shine like them
be in you?
: And How Thinking More Clearly Can Persuade You to Return to the Old Fray
But then you'll just be a has Ben!
rub anything hard enough here and you'll see dirt
look hard and you might see
Exhaustion makes you slow down and value your output; it is not worth expending energy here.
Just like, well, for example, on that second surely infraction, if you moved someone into another time without a prior alert surely the family would and most of society would what the fuck?
What do you mean?
I can drop you off.
Yes, you are my seminal work.
Look at how you exemplify my movement into maturity.
People will look at you, things will be said about you, words written on paper and through the mouth!
Seminars will embrace you, but I will be reluctant to discuss you; I cannot reveal too much!
What are you talking about?
I suppose it only makes sense that you wouldn't know -- the meaning isn't in you.
-- Imitate you, re-create you, use parts of you!
I love you, but you're in their hands now.
vulvas up in you vulvas up in you
the cohesive thematic-container of temporal proximity: as in, our most common questions exemplary of perfect art: What did you do today?
for thank you but I didn't understand so
you can reach me
you are young
even if I understand you wouldn't -- dangerous stuff, like no one knows.
wet and you'll
how many pins can you stick into
-- there are too many things with everything, you can't make it simple.
Maybe because I just can't imagine actual interests, much less actual interests that align -- when you get older I mean.
The point being, somewhere within this, that it's impossible to know what advice to accept until you've accepted it and either win or lose.
You suck.
If that's an envelope seal, then somewhere within you is a letter.
You cancerous sot.
jumble jangle let it tear you down
***moved around to yes you have me lost forever
It's the name that was smeared all over the pop-up ads that warned you about the looming viral dangers that would invariably infect your data and just maybe somehow your children, too, unless you clicked there to stronghold yourself with the only code glorious and golden enough to battle the new face of evil brought on by the advances of the two thousands.
how suddenly things change when you finally notice how slowly things have changed!
Well, duh, you don't need alcohol to be clouded.
the problem is that, when drunk, but not quite drunk enough, every idea seems bad, because there's something in there saying, "no, you're drunk, that's a bad idea." it's the exact opposite of confidence.
you're not a man here until you are mr your last name at charley's.
You jacked in to Gator?
Why did you feel that you had to be the one to do this then?
So the universe presents a giant button that reads "Press me" and you think you are free because you are the one who pressed it?
Wouldn't you  have been more free if you had refused and instead let, say, Bobby push it?
The chub in your eyes prevents you from seeing even the buttons on your shirt.
I can think of many examples, here is one: [by the way, I think such a clinical voice has been thrown upon me by reading so much on this just now;  I assure you, I just made up a song while brushing my teeth (squeeze out some toothpaste / brush it all on your face / put on your mother's gown / take a walk about the town) and then proceeded to spice up my routinized neurotic laundry folding by adding some pizza-dough twirling moves.
1: Unlike you.
2:  You're over thinking it, I think.
2: You've got nothing?
1: I'm thinking about what you said.
2: You know, thumbs make the other fingers useful, but are useless without the other fingers.
Do you have a hammer?
Wait, you're talking about a jackhammer.
Which, you know, is locked.
You know he has a fatal flaw?
I mean they're disguised, you know, hidden in all of those facts that he's constantly spouting.
Yeah, you know, his penchant for throwing around crazy facts all the time.
Well then I can't support you trying to kill him.
I think you should put more effort into understanding him first before trying to ruin his dreams.
Maybe you'd come to agree with him.
I'm starting to think I'm dumb now because I never realized before how dumb you are.
Right -- I'll take care of him, YOU enter the code!
you should touch & not touch
like dreams, stinkbugs don't stink until someone steps on them, and then you're left wondering who exactly should be blamed for the smell
if you've got to carry a bowl with one hand and your thumb over the lip, if you've got too much macaroni your thumb will be in the macaroni
What type of superhero are you?
I was talking to this guy about being "good" or "bad," in the "how are you" sense, and then we started talking about contentment and the feeling and recognition that, finally, for now, "this is it." It was the sort of half-assed vague profundity that exists in conversations between strangers of mediocre intelligence, while one is performing bar duties and the other is drunk.
-- Don't you want one of the places around here?
up there is too high to reach unless you're
There are also: "touch mirror neurons" that fire not only when your skin is touched but when you watch someone else touched.
Why doesn't the activity of these neurons lead you to literally experience the touch delivered to another person?
It is a sobering thought that the only barrier between you and others is your skin receptors!
I might mention that I have long known that prayer was a placebo; but upon learning recently of a study that showed that a drug works even when you know it is a placebo, I immediately started praying.
you don't have to
all you have to
You'll already speak mandarin.
You strum it!
A state of limbo opens: you are buoyant, detached yet hyper-receptive, and, in conventional terms, completely useless."
from you I've been
you can be anything you'd like to me as long as we can reasonably swear to hang out while it makes sense, and to understand when it doesn't.
you'll get where you're going really fast, but you'll only be able to get where you you're going and nowhere else.
(but you won't ever get anywhere else): dad.
I don't think you even wanted to be sarcastic there.
You want to say something sincere.
You don't have to worry about being funny.
You don't have to make me laugh all the time.
practice enough and you can lose track of your mechanics.
experiencing art objectively: omeed says that you have to do.
perhaps solipsistically, I am not smart unless you have learned, I am not a genius unless I have filled the can you hold to water your seeds of change
one of the few situations in which it is more profane to have good posture rather than bad is when you're shitting.
The museum is roughly set up chronologically, and you happily wend your
way through the nineteenth century until you hit this one room that is a
You might ocunter y saying that, after all, home computers have been
Later, after you finished writing, kyou could make all the copies you
If you can
you gain an enourmous amount of cultural capital.
by you / to me / /about you / & me"
never be too sure in your confidence that you know less than others
oh, but, really, every time I've had that desire for some little speckled out skill worked at for years, I mean, it's there duh and you somewhat like it so run with it at least in some sense, because it will only be more fun!
We would like to speak with you.
You see the bread.
You need the bread.
You know the bread.
in case you were wondering
but because you left it
from you I've been
once you look closely enough you see a whole slew of fine tiny capillary lines that run to galaxies of black areas you didn't even know existed before
fictional comments pre-empting the real -- the ultimate ironic defense -- you can't say anything because it's already been acknowledged.
oh god dammit why you gotta live so far away
how do you push for change in stubborn areas while sympathizing
you are a lot of things to me that you have no obligation to be.
friends make you feel less lonely when they're around you; lovers ease the pain no matter where they are.
you are my friend by virtue
even you know
I found was written by you.
You made a straw man
Why do you think I would believe
right here you wanted
If you can't find something to look at, then you're not looking hard enough, or, more likely, you're looking too hard.
"...What do you mean?
Of course you're interesting!
I bet you have some crazy and profound thoughts in there, and from such an amazingly different perspective from my own -- and a different perspective is the heart and soul of the whole concept of interesting!"
Point me in the right direction, either of you, for either of us, any of us, to all, understand and justice under all.
You can't just rust anyone, sun.
Cancer, must you do this to me?
it was so strange, if you took a moment to think about it.
and, you know, the fact is, you'll probably be able to convince me.
and you'll feel the headlines pulling, not so delicately, keywords and phrases right from your gut before your tongue has any chance of rolling them off; so you swallow to avoid the rancid taste
It was usually about the end of September, or the very beginning of October, when you could see them begin to peak through the dirt, depending on how hot, how boring, July and August had been.
where you set off, find yourself somewhere
you've never been to, but then, in
where you started
Is it something that you forget?
Or, not that it makes more sense, but that you care less about it needing to.
I don't much like the facebook, but I sure do appreciate that smarmy snark you wear for those videos
where do you guys out to?" I remember an uncle asking.
the best thing about a sock is that if you don't want to carry it you can wear it
you know
you're sort of limited in what you can say you want to do with your writing.
but I wonder if you can slowly push them along
every time you think a thought you hit it further in with a hammer.
though you should watch out in there for the structural fractures
the formulas for music were still there, you could tell, but it seems some parts of the equations were missing.
you're worthwhile
you're worthwhile
you're worthwhile
you're something more worthwhile
you're something more worthwhile
you could do something more worthwhile
well jesus, where have you been?
bringing into a new and excitingly normal conversation a strange bit from recent talk, though the further from recent you can stretch it, the better.
buck for a tip, can you believe it?
can you believe stereotypes?
can you not believe stereotypes, but still believe the person who does?
most jobs, okay, well, there are a lot of jobs where all you're doing is putting things into containers.
if you want to be happy in life just do this, this, and this.
you don't know exist
until you've been
Not to say that I am your biggest fan or anything like that, as that would completely underestimate the intensity of others in this world, but, jeeze, I had such a moving experience at your show in Brooklyn a month or so ago, so much so that I feel compelled to write this, because you deserve a thanks for putting your time and energy into making such wonderful things.
you come in here every day.
"You know that feeling at the end of the day, when the anxiety of that-which-I-must-do falls away and, for maybe the first time that day, you see, with some clarity, the people you love and the way you have, during that day, slightly ignored them, turned away from them to get back to what you were doing, blurted out some mildly hurtful thing, projected, instead of the deep love you really feel, a surge of defensiveness or self-protection or suspicion?
That moment when you think, Oh God, what have I done with this day?
The deeper in you go, the more it hurts to get out.
this metaphor may be confusing, especially if you think it's shameful to be a beer can.
you don't have to find god, you don't have to be a post-acidfreak, don't have to don robes, don't have to love everything, don't even have to love flowers, you can feel indifferent toward the weather, you can reject drama, even the drama of high ceremonies and celebrations.
Since there have been many times in my life, a few of them in the past few months alone, where I've made it a point to write to you or call you and then, for a slew of ambiguous reasons, time ended up slipping on by like usual and I found that I had neither written your name nor dialed your number -- because of all of these failed attempts, and because I have begun to find the energy and organization in my life to finally start getting things done, I will write you a long letter -- though of course I'll be typing it, not writing it, and my idea of "long" might pale in comparison to the times when letter writing was more common.
So, firstly, thank you very much for your birthday card.
But in the scheme of a things, a minor detail, if you ask me.
-- I have many strengths, though one of them is having the sense to only expound on a few of them, the strengthiest of strengths, if you will.
Now, with all this flashy stylin' (including this here apostrophe in lieu of a "g") being thrown around left and right it might be all too easy to let that impressed and amused smirk slide quickly, wearily, into a beast of burden, a disgust, an expression that will keep others away from you, no matter how important their joke.
are you late?
though if you don't, they'll ask soon enough.
you don't even have to worry about initiating it.
as long as you can let them know, you'll be late, you can't make it, it's fine.
you grow the same but
I know it is currently in America's Top Vogue to directly address inanimate objects and entities, and more specifically to accuse them of being drunk, but in this case I cannot help myself, and you, North Dakota, certainly have no excuses with which to defend yourself, even if that were a possibility.
While my opinion of you was once that of mild indifference, somewhat dissimilar to the indifference with which I viewed your cousins, Nebraska and Kansas, whose bland fatty features tended to prod at my patience and tolerance with a violence found only at the hideous intersection of harmless and crass, whereas you stayed out of the way rolling in the grass, or doing whatever it is that you do, reducing your presence to the irreducible benefit over doubt -- while you were once this, you are no more.
No, pull that shirt down from your face, North Dakota, do you wanna go to jail?
You're drunk.
I almost wish that I was here for oil, as one of your residents inquired -- you could use some drying up.
can you believe I'm eatin mac n cheese
yes you can yes you can yes you can
People would come up to me maybe about once every week, showing me something they found or made, or telling me about this idea they had, and they'd ask, "So what would you call it?"  I started to get a few mail-ins a few times a month, too, from places all the way across the bay.
"Hey, what do you call this?" I asked, pointing to the toes of my sock.
But I do know who you can ask."  I awaited my name.
I have told you this many times now.
in fact, about every week since you moved in.
THE PIPES RUN RIGHT NEXT TO MY HEAD AND WAKE ME UP EVERY TIME YOU DO ONE OF THESE THINGS THAT CAN SURELY WAIT FOR ANOTHER TIME
thank you for mailing us a note saying that you would be out of town for a few days.
but next time you wish to do this, please do not keep your alarm set and your door locked.
I don't know how you manage to shut the door, but please find a better way to organize your food.
if your tools are by the door along with a printout on how to build a doggie door because you do indeed plan on building one, PLEASE DO NOT.
why don't you move your head?
what would you think of a twilly-wig-wig who ate a thrice-big pig then couldn't really fit through anything?
And I certainly don't mean to be nosy here, but what about you?
What can you say about those things which you now disavow?
Let the guilt drench you.
Dripping wet; you cannot shake it off.
Heavier, slower, it will take you longer to get where you planned on going.
You may want to call ahead; let them know.
You'll still make it.
And when you get there, you will take off your shoes, take off your hat, leave them by the door.
They will laugh, and one of them will walk up and pat you on the back.
A wet thud, and more laughter, as you begin to unbutton your shirt.
You can crack a smile now.
You can crack your fingers, your toes, your neck, do some jumping jacks, get the blood flowing again.
It will all be dry by the time you wish to leave.
When they ask you about your weekend, scratch your chin.
When they ask you about your job, nod.
There are not better things you can do with your time.
There isn't anywhere else you need to be.
But do not think that you can relax completely.
If you'd like, now is the time to begin.
Why there were no birthday cards, no holiday cards, no sympathy cards, no letters, why you never once put a stamp on anything.
You were so far away.
Tell them what happened to every word you wrote, how each one remained silent, buried in notebooks, under stacks in the corner.
You will have to use your discretion for this, but know that it will include a lot of your temptations.
You need them to empathize.
You need them to understand.
You need them to forgive, and you need them to be kind.
They can tell you to leave.
They can grab you by your hair and shake you.
They can do anything they please, just as you have.
However, they will not do as you have done.
They will listen to you and see you, and they will put out their hands.
And if you do not also put out your hands, then feel your knees buckle.
But if, instead, you find your palms in front of you, first, take a moment to notice the lines in your skin.
"Are you doing that thing this year?"  "Huh?"  "Uh, are you doing that thing -- you doing your band still?"  "Oh, yeah.
I thought you were going to ask me about Mathletes."  "Oh no, that thing's so stupid-"  "What?" "There's blood on your face.
I drop off Fizz and he doesn't say thank you, just says see ya tomorrow.
"Fuck you!" he screams at everyone, and they seem hurt, but they chuckle.
He screams fuck you again and this time they are angry.
to hear it you must be near
for in that you'll find peace
We can sometimes identify the situations in which it is probable that we'll find our gateway to the past, but even then, we usually are focusing on one particular factor, when in fact there are many, and we may be lucky enough occasionally to encounter all of them at the same time, but it seems that some of those factors slip out of focus the further you get from those younger times.
So, fuck you proper in whiches and outwhiches and sandwiches and bandwiches and brandwiches and pudiches,  meniches, feniches, beniches, ceviche.
Ha, there you go, ya fuck.
This being:  when I am too tired to write (like I am now), realize that you are not too tired to write, but that you may be too tired to write in the way that you normally do.
The ants wanted nothing to do with the snail, and if they had it their way, well, you wouldn't soon be seeing any more slime around town.
Make sure future you remembers what it was like.
you fool, you've dropped the weather radio.
Tell him, "Hey, that's a little outdated, don't you think?" or "That's in poor taste." I don't know what would be appropriate to say, I don't know what's on the poster;  I can only see the back.
I did this for you.
This is my way of being friends with you when I'm so fucking far away.
I just want you to watch it.
It's my way of entertaining you (which I think you like, which I know I like), when I'm not able to make funny faces at you, right to your face.
I can just watch my play counter and know you've watched it.
You don't need to say anything.
Maybe you've seen it already, maybe you haven't.
Not as bad as like, well but it's the only comparison I can think of, and yeah it's too much, but what if you found out Mr.
Your friend being like, after you're humming the Won't you be my neighbor song one night when walking to the grocery store, this friend stopping you mid-hum to say "Oh no.
So I guess it's a two part thing, the first part which destroys your only beacon of light manifested as man, and then the second which makes you feel like everyone besides you knew that that whole beacon thing was stupid and you were stupid for believing it in the first place.
Some people seem to believe that you should spend your time and energy improving yourself.
And others believe you should instead get to know yourself.
At first it'll all just look messy and confusing and that's sure to be disappointing and can scare you off the hunt for good if you're not curious enough to go back.
You do go back, though, and eventually you stare at it all until it begins to make sense.
Do this regularly enough and you'll soon see the subtle differences in the little pictures you've taken over time, and then with enough tracking of these irregularities you can take good guesses as to where it's all headed.
You can sketch out the map, based on this and that, what logically comes next knowing this and that.
I can almost read the first sentence -- If you really wish to come -- when now my head gets one of the stompers.
play the ukulele as terribly as you can.
don't break the table on which you eat.
sit down where you are and count your breaths until things resume.
doc: are you a comedian?
doc: I thought you said that was a joke.
doc:  so you don't want me to help?
doc:  you have pain in your hands when you write?
doc:  is that what's making you write funny?
What do you think, as an expert?
I hope you're not a comedian.
If you look past it you can see the neon OPEN from the Thirsty Fish.
Have you tried all of the temperature settings in your shower?
D:  Hey are you on the clock right now?
D:  Hey, why did you write no one back there?
D:  What you wrote on the window, when I asked what time it was.
You're blocking me in.
Dana:  You guys are already there.
You see, when
I get that you want to hang out together cause you're good buds.
Why don't you guys just stop driving around and get some place to sleep, like an apartment?
D:  Hey man that'd be like us saying why don't you just stop staying at your apartment and instead go driving around in your car.
Stoop:  But that's exactly what you guys are doing.
Stoop:  Wait, what you need is a third friend.
Got anyone else you're good buds with?
So then, you see, they are three good buds who deliver pizzas and who all live in the same car.
having it all where you are means having it all everywhere you've been and will be.
most things will crumble, you'll see.
note how often you are wrong.
always feel like you are doing something wrong.
B:  I can't tell where you're pointing.
A: Oh, well let me stand where you're standing.
You're sitting.
I thought you just had an accent for that one word.
B:  No bee-a-bies yet, but it's hard to drive with you on me.
but you don't even know what it is that will happen when we all go where we all go
dan: yeah, but it's you and I and others, and why is always irrelevant, so there's these three things left to worry about
Make the most of the opportunities you have today, because there will be a time when you have no more of it.
You're Talented, But Talent is Overrated - Congratulations, you may be the most capable, creative, knowledgeable & multi-tasking generation yet.
As my father says, "I'll Give You a Sh-t Medal."  Unrefined raw materials (no matter how valuable) are simply wasted potential.
You have more ground to make up than everyone else around you, and you do have something to prove.
Don't Wait to Be Told What to Do -- You can't have a sense of entitlement without a sense of responsibility.
You'll never get ahead by waiting for someone to tell you what to do.
Take Responsibility for Your Mistakes -- You should be making lots of mistakes when you're early on in your career.
But you shouldn't be defensive about errors in judgment or execution.
You're only going to grow by embracing the lessons learned from your mistakes, and committing to learn from those experiences.
You Should Be Getting Your Butt Kicked -- Meryl Streep in "The Devil Wears Prada" would be the most valuable boss you could possibly have.
A New Job a Year Isn't a Good Thing -- 1-year stints don't tell me that you're so talented that you keep outgrowing your company.
It tells me that you don't have the discipline to see your own learning curve through to completion.
It takes about 2-3 years to master any new critical skill, give yourself at least that much time before you jump ship.
Great leaders will mentor you and will be a loyal source of employment long after you've left.
Make a conscious bet on the folks you're going to work for and your commitment to them will pay off much more than those fluffy perks.
Map Effort to Your Professional Gain -- You're going to be asked to do things you don't like to do.
Connect what you're doing today, with where you want to be tomorrow.
That should be all the incentive you need.
If you can't map your future success to your current responsibilities, then it's time to find a new opportunity.
If you have issues with management, culture or your role & responsibilities, SPEAK UP.
If you can effectively communicate what needs to be improved, you have the ability to shape your surroundings and professional destiny.
You HAVE to Build Your Technical Chops -- Adding "Proficient in Microsoft Office" at the bottom of your resume under Skills, is not going to cut it anymore.
If you plan to stay gainfully employed, you better complement that humanities degree with some applicable technical chops.
Both the Size and Quality of Your Network Matter -- It's who you know more than what you know, that gets you ahead in business.
You Need At Least 3 Professional Mentors -- The most guaranteed path to success is to emulate those who've achieved what you seek.
You should always have at least 3 people you call mentors who are where you want to be.
Their free guidance and counsel will be the most priceless gift you can receive.
Pick an Idol & Act "As If" -- You may not know what to do, but your professional idol does.
I often coach my employees to pick the businessperson they most admire, and act "as if."  If you were (fill in the blank) how would he or she carry themselves, make decisions, organize his/her day, accomplish goals?
You've got to fake it until you make it, so it's better to fake it as the most accomplished person you could imagine.
Creativity, thoughtfulness and thinking skills are freed when you're forced to read a full book cover to cover.
Spend 25% Less Than You Make -- When your material needs meet or exceed your income, you're sabotaging your ability to really make it big.
You're nothing more than penny wise and pound-foolish if you pass up an amazing new career opportunity to keep an extra little bit of income.
No matter how much money you make, spend 25% less to support your life.
Your Reputation is Priceless, Don't Damage It -- Over time, your reputation is the most valuable currency you have in business.
It's the one item that, once lost, you can never get back.
for example, socks are extremely worthy, as the value of their most important quality is virtually unparalleled: if you get tired of carrying them, you can put them on your feet.
you've counted the sheep
you've seen time electrify chance
you know that under our visions of dreams
your disease will stop if you stop
I was like hey bub you're looking at one.
you'd be right and wrong if you said laziness.
oh laziness  you phantom.
you cowardly murderer behind the curtains.
if you didn't exist at all then I would be able to discern the difference between patterns that I was actually against principally and patterns that managed, somehow, to remain palatable.
you might take a trip to south america or quit your job but you'll be down at empty with little to show for it.
and it should not matter what you've got that still gleams.
you should be able to be dirt all over, and learn, and forever keep the whole yarn in the bottom of your gut, to silently digest, to fertilize, remain an anonymous donor --  but those who find this in the least acceptable are in the least hard to find.
only you can do things!
you should not be afraid of it, but neither should you entertain it, as it definitely won't entertain you
Okay, so let me ask you a few questions then.
Where are you?
What are you doing?
Did you know that the main reason why I like you is because you appreciate life in terms of two of the five most important variables, niceness and coolness?
I've re-centered, and you're still there, in the same spot.
I told her that I didn't like that coffee shop because it's so open and bright in there and she said, "Yeah I guess that can make it hard to see your screen," but I meant nothing that tangible, just that it can make you feel like you're exposed and in the way.
oh there you are thank god of course you'll listen to all of this bullshit that's about to just come out I mean it has been for a while now but it seems like there's been a stoppage or something because damn look at it flow yeesh it just keeps coming and feels relatively okay doing its thing though I know it'll feel even better when it's all out ha do I really think I could get all of it out no that seems extremely unlikely as unlikely as say something that's very rare what could that be I have no idea don't ask me I'm not here to answer questions I'm only here to question answers and even that I'm not really sure how to do but someone told me to do it and I guess I'll listen to them though perhaps I should be questioning them as well.
alright there's a tiredness that is also in the way but I'm not sure that's something you can get out, it's just a laziness that fuels itself, and I guess in that sense it's pretty productive though who can say for sure.
The hill rose, I suppose you could say.
Where are you even going?
We waited as long as we could, keeping warm around a fire we built, playing a game where you clap and whistle at each other.
You hear what you taste and smell, which is soft, sweet, and alive with summer.
Water is all you need, and there it is.
Anticipation grows dim as nostalgia prepares you.
I found you.
A: Well, turns out you were right.
do you subscribe to the belief that reading something good while writing is a dangerous thing to do?
as you will undoubtedly begin to mimic them.
come on, you sonuvabitch
Today is a place, and here you feel the passive, disquiet flickering of the florescent lights as you stumble over the ritual inconveniences of mundane life.
There's two dozen reasons I could give you.
Tell me everything you know about a pop star.
How do you do tough love properly?
Can you.
You can touch them; scratch them.
You can make up your mind for yourself."
how could you even compare them?
lollll wut are you talking about?????
what are you like 12?
I want to take you out of it.
Take you into a fluid world.
why did you do that?
what if instead of trying to stop something that makes you feel bad you try to understand it?
cause I've been trying to understand you but you're still a dick so that clearly does not work.
well let me try to help you understand.
no you don't get it.
you don't.
and it's made out of you and I.
now if only you could take that step without first spending so long with some clever words.
you have a long way to go but you've made an important step today.
Today is a place, and here you feel the passive, disquiet flickering of the florescent lights as you stumble over the ritual inconveniences of mundane life.
and here you feel
lights as you stumble
and you'll see change
you'll see change
it's pretty stupid when you're unhappy because you're not doing the things that make you happy
Now you accept and you forgive.
The person you have forgiven becomes a good neighbor.
When someone comes close to you without hatred, although horrible things happened, you welcome him and grant what he is looking for from you.
you do not open a wormhole and step through it.
you build something that is able to withstand the pressures of time.
to protect you from it, just as a spaceship is as much about protecting you from space as it is passing you through it.
then you can move
wait what do you mean "remember?" I don't remember that happening.
1: you mean it is happening.
What made you think I'd be okay with this?
What made you think I even wanted to be involved with someone like you?
Whether you are doing good or bad, I wish not to see you.
"See you" in the other sense.
how you know?
I bought shoelaces that are too big but thank the almighty I'm a smart guy so I figured out how to solve the problem of the too-long-shoelaces problem without even using scissors or a knife or any source of fire or any other of those dangerous objects; don't even deal with those objects, why would you when you don't even have to?
Not anymore not with my new method of using those laces that you bought just as they are but in a different way that you'll be very decently pleased with instead of having that problem of the too-long-shoe laces problem.
You should try it; you might regret it if you don't.
best to fit all you want to see
hearing none of what you don't
scope what you can't uncover
I don't think you are
Throw it down like an old pair of sneakers that you just tore one too many holes in.
Where do you wanna go?
Where you feeling?
1.[cobble those shoes with are you in tune with me & bugs up in the light]
2.[blue with are you in tune with me & something]
You know what I mean.
You won't be disappointed.
You will be confused, however.
Because you were just weighing your hands and your feet.
Why would you do that?
If you do, you run the risk of forgetting everything.
You'll be able to then tie them all up together in whatever way you see fit.
And for whatever needs you have.
What need do you have for a big knot?
You'll just run around and around with a big knot, saying things like, "Hey, do you know what I should do with this big knot?" or "Here, take this big knot," and they'll shove it away saying, "I have no use for that big knot." What a useless knot.
The only way to be both very self-aware and minimally entertained is to put on a show that you won't stop watching.
A show for all the others and a show just for you.
Gladys the Bat is no one you will know.
She is a stranger for all of time, to you.
But you will not benefit, not from her, because you won't know her.
You won't want to know her.
You won't dream of knowing her.
Because you don't know her.
She does not exist to you.
Her possibility does not exist to you.
A possibility of her type of possibility is possible for you.
This is as far as you get.
You can go no further.
Not in terms of her and you.